cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is rightcell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is downcell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is downcell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is downcell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is downcell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is downcell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is downcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is rightcell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is rightcell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is upcell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is rightcell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is rightcell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is downcell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is downcell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is leftcell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is downcell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is upcell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is leftcell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 8), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (8, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 2), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (7, 3), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (7, 4), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (6, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 1), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (7, 1), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (8, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 7), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (7, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 7), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 5), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (9, 5), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 5), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 5), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (0, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 38), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 34), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 24), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (82, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 23), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (75, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 34), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (73, 25), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (72, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (37, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (37, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 61), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (42, 68), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 86), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (35, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (35, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (42, 87), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (52, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 85), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 70), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (64, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 13), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (92, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 12), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (96, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 9), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (99, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 25), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (53, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (53, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (54, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (54, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (52, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 16), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 53), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 28), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 4), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (49, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 3), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (38, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 32), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (57, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 53), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (57, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 27), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (88, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (87, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 10), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 18), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 24), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (28, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (19, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (26, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 74), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (26, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (30, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 41), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 42), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 43), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (28, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 77), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (50, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (51, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 87), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 10), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (74, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 9), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 5), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 4), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (91, 4), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (60, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 40), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (71, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (72, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (78, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (78, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (74, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (58, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (58, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 43), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (46, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 36), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (4, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 29), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 31), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 32), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (12, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 22), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (7, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (7, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (7, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (11, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 35), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (11, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (17, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (17, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 61), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 36), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 7), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 6), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (71, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (3, 4), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (2, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 5), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 12), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (3, 13), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (1, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (1, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 50), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 57), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (46, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 50), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 49), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 44), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (74, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (78, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (78, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 67), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (104, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (109, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (74, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 102), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 101), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (79, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 100), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 106), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (64, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 93), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 26), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (72, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (106, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (109, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (109, 32), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (109, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 34), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 35), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (98, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 75), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 54), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 55), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 72), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 67), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 68), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (27, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (27, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 55), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 50), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (37, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 29), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 107), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (29, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 55), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 56), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (14, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (14, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (43, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 32), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 19), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (51, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 18), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 19), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 33), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (44, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (62, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 56), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 42), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (81, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (81, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (81, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (90, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (40, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (87, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (87, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (73, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 41), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (71, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 49), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (106, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (106, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 45), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (95, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (95, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (106, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 107), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (73, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 108), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 71), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (96, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 64), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 69), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (98, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (81, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (54, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (94, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (94, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 73), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 73), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 104), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (47, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 105), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 105), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (80, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 77), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (80, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (101, 78), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (101, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (102, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (101, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (97, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 72), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (80, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (80, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 46), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (52, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 67), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 47), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (78, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 23), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 15), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (42, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 8), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 0), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 4), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (33, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (35, 3), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (8, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 22), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (89, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 41), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (106, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 27), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (61, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 11), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 3), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (57, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 2), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 5), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (18, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (18, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (60, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 54), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (9, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 39), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (5, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 37), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 38), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 12), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (13, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 97), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (65, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (69, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 97), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 84), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 82), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (88, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 104), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 86), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (66, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 76), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (88, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 62), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 61), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (76, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 72), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (91, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 98), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 98), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (78, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (78, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 101), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 102), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (93, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 86), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (96, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 83), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (56, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (56, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (65, 44), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (11, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 24), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (63, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 96), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 20), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 16), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (9, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 15), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (20, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 58), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (22, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (1, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 88), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (1, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (1, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (10, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 93), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 94), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (8, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (0, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 24), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 27), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 99), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 97), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (90, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 96), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (107, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 71), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (107, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (108, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (105, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 70), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 57), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (92, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 56), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (86, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 63), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 97), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (108, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (84, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 109), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 102), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 103), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (71, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 103), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (70, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (38, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 96), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 97), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (28, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (28, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 98), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 99), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 100), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (38, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 34), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 9), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 10), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 11), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (34, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 66), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 100), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (34, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (49, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (49, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (53, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 90), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 90), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (26, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 103), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (33, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 109), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (79, 58), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 51), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (101, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 104), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (101, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 105), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 105), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (43, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (39, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (39, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (57, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (60, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 61), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (60, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (12, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (3, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (3, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 14), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (11, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 22), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 14), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (3, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 45), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (5, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (19, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 107), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 70), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (5, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (25, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (25, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 82), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (20, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (20, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (26, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 106), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (10, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 65), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 57), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 58), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (13, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (13, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 83), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (32, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 88), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (46, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (36, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (24, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 10), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (24, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (23, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (24, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (36, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (36, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (42, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 81), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 9), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (64, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 9), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (40, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 72), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (15, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (16, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (18, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (11, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 90), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 91), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (14, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 79), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 80), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 64), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 67), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 65), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 100), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (15, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 53), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 71), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (23, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 43), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (89, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (85, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 69), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (61, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (61, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 76), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (64, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 89), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (37, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (29, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 83), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (14, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 75), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (14, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 61), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (21, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (17, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (17, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (23, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 85), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (23, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 38), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 34), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 24), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (82, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 23), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (75, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 34), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (73, 25), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (72, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (37, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (37, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 61), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (42, 68), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 86), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (35, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (35, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (42, 87), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (52, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 85), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 70), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (64, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 13), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (92, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 12), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (96, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 9), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (99, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 25), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (53, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (53, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (54, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (54, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (52, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 16), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 53), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 28), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 4), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (49, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 3), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (38, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 32), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (57, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 53), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (57, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 27), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (88, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (87, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 10), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 18), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 24), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (28, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (19, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (26, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 74), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (26, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (30, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 41), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 42), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 43), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (28, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 77), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (50, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (51, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 87), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 10), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (74, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 9), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 5), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 4), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (91, 4), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (60, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 40), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (71, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (72, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (78, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (78, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (74, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (58, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (58, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 43), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (46, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 36), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (4, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 29), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 31), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 32), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (12, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 22), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (7, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (7, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (7, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (11, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 35), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (11, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (17, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (17, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 61), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 36), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 7), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 6), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (71, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (3, 4), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (2, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 5), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 12), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (3, 13), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (1, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (1, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 50), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 57), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (46, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 50), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 49), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 44), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (74, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (78, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (78, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 67), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (104, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (109, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (74, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 102), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 101), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (79, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 100), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 106), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (64, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 93), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 26), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (72, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (106, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (109, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (109, 32), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (109, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 34), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 35), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (98, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 75), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 54), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 55), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 72), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 67), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 68), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (27, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (27, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 55), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 50), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (37, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 29), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 107), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (29, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 55), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 56), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (14, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (14, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (43, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 32), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 19), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (51, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 18), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 19), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 33), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (44, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (62, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 56), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 42), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (81, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (81, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (81, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (90, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (40, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (87, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (87, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (73, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 41), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (71, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 49), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (106, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (106, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 45), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (95, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (95, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (106, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 107), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (73, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 108), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 71), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (96, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 64), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 69), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (98, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (81, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (54, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (94, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (94, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 73), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 73), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 104), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (47, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 105), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 105), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (80, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 77), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (80, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (101, 78), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (101, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (102, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (101, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (97, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 72), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (80, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (80, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 46), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (52, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 67), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 47), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (78, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 23), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 15), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (42, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 8), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 0), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 4), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (33, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (35, 3), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (8, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 22), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (89, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 41), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (106, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 27), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (61, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 11), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 3), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (57, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 2), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 5), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (18, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (18, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (60, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 54), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (9, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 39), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (5, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 37), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 38), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 12), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (13, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 97), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (65, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (69, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 97), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 84), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 82), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (88, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 104), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 86), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (66, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 76), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (88, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 62), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 61), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (76, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 72), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (91, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 98), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 98), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (78, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (78, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 101), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 102), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (93, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 86), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (96, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 83), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (56, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (56, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (65, 44), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (11, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 24), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (63, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 96), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 20), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 16), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (9, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 15), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (20, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 58), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (22, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (1, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 88), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (1, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (1, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (10, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 93), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 94), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (8, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (0, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 24), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 27), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 99), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 97), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (90, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 96), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (107, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 71), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (107, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (108, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (105, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 70), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 57), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (92, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 56), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (86, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 63), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 97), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (108, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (84, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 109), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 102), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 103), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (71, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 103), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (70, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (38, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 96), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 97), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (28, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (28, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 98), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 99), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 100), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (38, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 34), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 9), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 10), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 11), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (34, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 66), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 100), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (34, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (49, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (49, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (53, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 90), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 90), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (26, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 103), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (33, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 109), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (79, 58), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 51), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (101, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 104), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (101, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 105), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 105), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (43, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (39, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (39, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (57, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (60, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 61), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (60, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (12, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (3, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (3, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 14), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (11, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 22), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 14), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (3, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 45), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (5, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (19, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 107), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 70), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (5, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (25, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (25, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 82), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (20, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (20, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (26, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 106), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (10, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 65), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 57), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 58), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (13, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (13, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 83), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (32, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 88), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (46, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (36, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (24, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 10), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (24, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (23, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (24, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (36, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (36, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (42, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 81), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 9), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (64, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 9), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (40, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 72), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (15, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (16, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (18, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (11, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 90), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 91), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (14, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 79), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 80), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 64), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 67), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 65), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 100), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (15, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 53), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 71), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (23, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 43), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (89, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (85, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 69), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (61, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (61, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 76), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (64, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 89), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (37, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (29, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 83), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (14, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 75), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (14, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 61), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (21, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (17, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (17, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (23, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 85), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (23, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 38), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 34), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 24), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (82, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 23), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (75, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 34), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (73, 25), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (72, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (37, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (37, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 61), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (42, 68), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 86), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (35, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (35, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (42, 87), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (52, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 85), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 70), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (64, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 13), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (92, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 12), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (96, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 9), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (99, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 25), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (53, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (53, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (54, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (54, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (52, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 16), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 53), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 28), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 4), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (49, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 3), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (38, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 32), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (57, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 53), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (57, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 27), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (88, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (87, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 10), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 18), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 24), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (28, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (19, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (26, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 74), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (26, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (30, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 41), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 42), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 43), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (28, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 77), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (50, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (51, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 87), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 10), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (74, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 9), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 5), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 4), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (91, 4), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (60, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 40), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (71, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (72, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (78, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (78, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (74, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (58, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (58, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 43), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (46, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 36), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (4, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 29), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 31), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 32), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (12, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 22), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (7, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (7, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (7, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (11, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 35), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (11, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (17, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (17, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 61), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 36), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 7), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 6), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (71, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (3, 4), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (2, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 5), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 12), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (3, 13), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (1, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (1, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 50), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 57), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (46, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 50), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 49), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 44), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (74, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (78, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (78, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 67), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (104, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (109, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (74, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 102), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 101), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (79, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 100), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 106), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (64, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 93), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 26), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (72, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (106, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (109, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (109, 32), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (109, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 34), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 35), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (98, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 75), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 54), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 55), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 72), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 67), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 68), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (27, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (27, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 55), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 50), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (37, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 29), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 107), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (29, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 55), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 56), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (14, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (14, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (43, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 32), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 19), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (51, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 18), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 19), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 33), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (44, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (62, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 56), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 42), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (81, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (81, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (81, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (90, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (40, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (87, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (87, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (73, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 41), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (71, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 49), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (106, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (106, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 45), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (95, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (95, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (106, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 107), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (73, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 108), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 71), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (96, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 64), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 69), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (98, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (81, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (54, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (94, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (94, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 73), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 73), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 104), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (47, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 105), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 105), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (80, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 77), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (80, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (101, 78), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (101, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (102, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (101, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (97, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 72), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (80, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (80, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 46), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (52, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 67), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 47), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (78, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 23), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 15), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (42, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 8), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 0), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 4), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (33, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (35, 3), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (8, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 22), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (89, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 41), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (106, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 27), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (61, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 11), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 3), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (57, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 2), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 5), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (18, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (18, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (60, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 54), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (9, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 39), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (5, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 37), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 38), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 12), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (13, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 97), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (65, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (69, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 97), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 84), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 82), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (88, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 104), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 86), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (66, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 76), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (88, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 62), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 61), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (76, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 72), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (91, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 98), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 98), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (78, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (78, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 101), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 102), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (93, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 86), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (96, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 83), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (56, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (56, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (65, 44), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (11, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 24), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (63, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 96), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 20), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 16), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (9, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 15), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (20, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 58), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (22, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (1, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 88), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (1, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (1, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (10, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 93), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 94), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (8, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (0, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 24), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 27), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 99), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 97), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (90, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 96), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (107, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 71), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (107, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (108, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (105, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 70), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 57), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (92, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 56), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (86, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 63), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 97), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (108, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (84, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 109), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 102), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 103), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (71, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 103), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (70, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (38, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 96), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 97), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (28, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (28, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 98), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 99), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 100), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (38, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 34), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 9), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 10), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 11), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (34, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 66), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 100), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (34, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (49, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (49, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (53, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 90), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 90), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (26, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 103), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (33, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 109), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (79, 58), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 51), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (101, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 104), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (101, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 105), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 105), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (43, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (39, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (39, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (57, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (60, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 61), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (60, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (12, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (3, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (3, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 14), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (11, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 22), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 14), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (3, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 45), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (5, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (19, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 107), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 70), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (5, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (25, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (25, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 82), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (20, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (20, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (26, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 106), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (10, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 65), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 57), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 58), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (13, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (13, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 83), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (32, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 88), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (46, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (36, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (24, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 10), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (24, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (23, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (24, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (36, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (36, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (42, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 81), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 9), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (64, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 9), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (40, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 72), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (15, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (16, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (18, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (11, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 90), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 91), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (14, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 79), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 80), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 64), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 67), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 65), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 100), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (15, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 53), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 71), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (23, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 43), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (89, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (85, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 69), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (61, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (61, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 76), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (64, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 89), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (37, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (29, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 83), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (14, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 75), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (14, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 61), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (21, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (17, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (17, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (23, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 85), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (23, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 38), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 34), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 33), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 24), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (82, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 23), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (75, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 34), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (73, 25), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (72, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (37, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (37, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 61), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 61), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (42, 68), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 86), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (35, 87), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (35, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (41, 87), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (42, 87), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (52, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 85), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 70), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (64, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 13), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (92, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 12), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 12), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (94, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (96, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 9), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (99, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 8), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 25), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (53, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (53, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 21), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (54, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (54, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (52, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 0), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 0), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 1), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 16), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (41, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 53), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 28), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 4), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (49, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 3), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (38, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 32), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (57, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 53), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (57, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (50, 54), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 27), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (52, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (52, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (53, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (88, 16), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 30), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (87, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 17), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (41, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 10), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 10), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 18), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 19), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 24), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (28, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (19, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (26, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (26, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 74), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (26, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (30, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (28, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (28, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 41), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 42), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 43), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (28, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 77), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 93), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (50, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (51, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 87), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 10), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (74, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 9), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (87, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 9), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 8), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (89, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 5), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (89, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 4), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (91, 4), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (60, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 40), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (71, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (72, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (78, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (78, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (74, 57), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (74, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (58, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (58, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 43), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (46, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 36), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (34, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (34, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (26, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 28), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 29), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 29), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 14), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (33, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 10), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 10), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (16, 0), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (15, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 0), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (0, 0), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (4, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 29), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 31), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 32), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (12, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (19, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 24), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 22), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 21), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 32), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (7, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 20), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (7, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 19), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (7, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (11, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 35), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (11, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (17, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (17, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 61), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 62), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 36), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 11), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (4, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 7), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 6), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (71, 6), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 0), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (3, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 5), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (3, 4), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (2, 4), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 5), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (2, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 12), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (3, 13), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 16), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 35), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (4, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 37), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 28), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (1, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (1, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (1, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (2, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (4, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (1, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (1, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 51), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 50), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (6, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (6, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 43), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 56), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (6, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 57), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (7, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (46, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 75), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 50), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 49), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 44), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 43), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (74, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (78, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (78, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (81, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 67), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (104, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (109, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (74, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 102), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 101), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (79, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 100), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 106), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (64, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 93), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (64, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (67, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 26), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (72, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 26), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 26), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (106, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (109, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (109, 32), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (109, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 30), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 34), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 35), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (85, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (98, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 75), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 54), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 55), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 72), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (55, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 67), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 68), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 73), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (27, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (27, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (27, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 55), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 50), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (37, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 29), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (41, 29), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (41, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (25, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 107), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (67, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 106), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (77, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (79, 106), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (79, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (29, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 55), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 56), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (14, 56), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (14, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (43, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (47, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 32), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (51, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 19), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (51, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 18), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 18), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 18), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (66, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 19), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 19), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 33), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (44, 33), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (44, 51), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 30), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (62, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 56), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 55), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (68, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 42), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (81, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (81, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (81, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (90, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (99, 21), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (99, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 22), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 42), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (60, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 41), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (51, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (51, 61), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (51, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 62), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (45, 62), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 55), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (40, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (68, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 73), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (77, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 52), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (87, 52), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 40), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (87, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 57), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 74), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (76, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (76, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 86), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 86), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (73, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 42), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 41), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (71, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 37), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (71, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (72, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 36), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 49), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (106, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (106, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 45), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (95, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (95, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 50), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (106, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (93, 51), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (93, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 89), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (85, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 107), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (73, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 108), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 108), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 108), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 108), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (67, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 109), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (57, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 67), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (57, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 66), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (44, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 53), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (44, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (37, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 71), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (96, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 64), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 69), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (98, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 68), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (81, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 68), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 68), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (54, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 64), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (94, 64), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (94, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 73), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (54, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 74), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 74), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 73), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (97, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 104), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (47, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 105), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (56, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 105), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 81), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (77, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (77, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (80, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 77), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (80, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 78), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (101, 78), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (101, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 76), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (102, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (101, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 75), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (97, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (97, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (97, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (99, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 30), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (105, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 52), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 72), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (80, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (80, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (83, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (69, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 46), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (52, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 64), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (52, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 67), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 64), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 55), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 47), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (78, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 13), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (77, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 12), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 22), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 23), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (62, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (62, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 15), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (56, 16), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (55, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (55, 39), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (56, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (56, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (42, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 8), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 1), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 0), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (52, 0), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 8), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (33, 8), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 4), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (33, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 3), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (35, 3), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 3), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (8, 3), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 22), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 22), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 8), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (70, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 8), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (79, 8), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 9), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 26), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 27), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 27), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 12), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (89, 11), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 19), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 11), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (74, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 39), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 39), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (80, 39), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 18), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 17), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (86, 17), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (73, 40), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (73, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 41), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (104, 41), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (104, 38), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (105, 37), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (106, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 37), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 27), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (61, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 12), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 11), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (58, 11), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 3), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (58, 2), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (57, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 2), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 2), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 5), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (48, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (36, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 6), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (4, 6), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 22), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (18, 22), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 18), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (18, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 14), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 23), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 23), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (62, 23), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 39), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (64, 40), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (61, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 45), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 45), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (80, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 36), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (86, 35), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (60, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (60, 43), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (60, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 42), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (68, 42), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 54), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (60, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 55), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 55), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (9, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 38), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 39), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (5, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 39), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 37), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 38), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (31, 38), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 27), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (22, 26), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (22, 2), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (22, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 1), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (41, 1), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 2), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 3), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 4), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 5), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 6), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 7), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 8), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (41, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 10), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (43, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 10), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 10), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 11), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (50, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 12), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (26, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 12), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (13, 12), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 0), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (78, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (79, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (83, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 47), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (83, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 46), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (88, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 46), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 46), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (67, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (67, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 97), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (82, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 77), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 76), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (84, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 103), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (83, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (82, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (68, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (48, 104), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (65, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (66, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (69, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 97), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (84, 93), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (91, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 85), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (91, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (92, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 84), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 84), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 82), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 71), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 70), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (88, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 67), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 70), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (94, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 72), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (75, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 71), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (88, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 72), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (96, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 79), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (96, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (95, 80), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (94, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 80), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (90, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 78), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 54), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (100, 108), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (102, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (102, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (103, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (99, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 108), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 107), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 106), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 104), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (99, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (102, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 108), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (102, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 109), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (100, 109), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (86, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 86), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (86, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 85), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (66, 85), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 77), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (70, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 76), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (82, 76), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (82, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (83, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 65), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (88, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (88, 62), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (88, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 61), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 61), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (88, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 66), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (76, 66), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 72), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (76, 73), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (70, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 78), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 84), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (18, 84), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 94), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 95), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (91, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 98), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (107, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 98), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 98), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (78, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (78, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (79, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (94, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (94, 101), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (94, 102), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (93, 100), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (93, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (96, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 86), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (96, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (96, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (96, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 83), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (60, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 83), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (56, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (56, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (56, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (57, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (65, 44), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 45), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (61, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (29, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 37), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 36), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (25, 36), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (25, 28), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (25, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 27), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (11, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 25), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (11, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (12, 24), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 24), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (63, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 92), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (69, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 91), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (85, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 101), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (85, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 102), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (93, 102), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 96), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (48, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (79, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 95), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 20), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 16), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (9, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 15), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (20, 15), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 29), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 58), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (22, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 59), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 32), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 30), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 28), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (63, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (64, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 27), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (69, 27), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (69, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (69, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (68, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (59, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (39, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 20), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (13, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (1, 59), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (1, 88), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (1, 89), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (1, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (3, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 90), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (10, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 93), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 94), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (8, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 98), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (7, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (0, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (0, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 24), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (9, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 25), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 24), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 27), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (10, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 28), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (8, 28), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (96, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (92, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 99), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 97), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (90, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 96), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (107, 96), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (107, 71), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (107, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (108, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 70), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (105, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (104, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 70), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (100, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 62), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (100, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 57), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 56), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (92, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 56), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (86, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (86, 62), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (86, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (87, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 63), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (104, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 63), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 97), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (107, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (108, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 96), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (84, 96), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 98), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (84, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 99), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 99), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 109), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (77, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (77, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (77, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (76, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (62, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 104), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (78, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 102), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (69, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 103), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (71, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 103), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (74, 103), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 103), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 103), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (54, 103), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (70, 32), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (70, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (71, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 21), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (90, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (89, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 20), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (87, 20), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (87, 17), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (87, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (80, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 16), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 16), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (63, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (38, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 96), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 97), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (28, 93), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (28, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 98), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (44, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (63, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (63, 60), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (63, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 99), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (46, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 100), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (51, 100), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 95), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (59, 64), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (59, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (38, 63), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 61), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 34), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 12), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (38, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (38, 10), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (38, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 9), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 10), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (61, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 11), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (74, 11), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 77), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (38, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (34, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 66), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (34, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (31, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (32, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 47), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (76, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 44), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (76, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (34, 100), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (34, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 101), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (49, 101), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (49, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (41, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (49, 78), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (66, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (66, 72), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (75, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (75, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (76, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 53), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (83, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 71), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (53, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 77), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 90), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 90), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 91), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (54, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 90), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (26, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (26, 103), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (26, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 104), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (33, 104), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 95), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (34, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (38, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 94), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (45, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 96), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (45, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (27, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 109), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (79, 59), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (79, 58), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (80, 52), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (80, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (81, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 51), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (90, 51), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (90, 32), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (90, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (91, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 31), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 52), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (90, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (91, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (94, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (94, 33), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (94, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (95, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 32), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (104, 32), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 36), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (104, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (103, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (98, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 37), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (93, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 37), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (91, 37), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 38), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (91, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (101, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (101, 104), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (101, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (102, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (106, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (107, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (108, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (109, 105), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 105), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (69, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 105), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (62, 105), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 78), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (74, 78), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 79), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 80), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (68, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (68, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (68, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (43, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 65), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (39, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 61), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (39, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 60), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (57, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (60, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 61), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (60, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (66, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (67, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (68, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (69, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (70, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (71, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (72, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (73, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 62), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (75, 62), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (75, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (74, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 71), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (66, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (12, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 46), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (3, 46), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (3, 15), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (3, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (4, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 14), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 14), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (11, 14), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (11, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (4, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 20), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (11, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 21), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (50, 21), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 22), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (50, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 23), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (37, 23), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 14), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 13), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 13), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (14, 13), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (14, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 14), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 14), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (3, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (4, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (5, 45), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (5, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (6, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 46), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 47), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 45), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 93), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (19, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 106), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (19, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 107), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (39, 107), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (39, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 44), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (9, 44), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (9, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (43, 43), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (43, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 47), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (5, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (5, 70), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (5, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (6, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 71), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (25, 71), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (25, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 82), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (20, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (20, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 79), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (26, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (30, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (31, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 75), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (39, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (32, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 83), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (49, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (49, 93), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (49, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (50, 94), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (20, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 98), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (10, 98), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 106), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (10, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (9, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 107), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 64), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (13, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 65), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (2, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (2, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (4, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (5, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (6, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (7, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (9, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (10, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (16, 92), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (16, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (16, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (11, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (9, 56), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 49), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (9, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (10, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 48), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (13, 48), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (13, 41), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (13, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (9, 57), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (9, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (10, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (12, 58), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (13, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 59), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (13, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (14, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 60), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (29, 60), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 82), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (30, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 83), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (32, 83), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 84), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (32, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (32, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 81), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (19, 81), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (19, 48), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (19, 47), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (18, 47), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 49), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 50), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (21, 50), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (21, 45), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (21, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (20, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 44), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 89), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (12, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (10, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 88), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (8, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (8, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (8, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (7, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 49), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 46), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 41), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (43, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 40), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (48, 40), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (48, 48), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (48, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (47, 49), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (55, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (54, 77), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (53, 77), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (97, 91), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (97, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (98, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (101, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (102, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (103, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (104, 92), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (105, 92), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (105, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (105, 94), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (105, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (104, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (103, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (102, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (101, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (100, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (99, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (83, 95), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (82, 95), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 92), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (40, 92), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (40, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 75), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (45, 75), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (45, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (47, 77), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (47, 56), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (47, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (0, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (8, 87), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (8, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (3, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 44), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (46, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (45, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 45), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (36, 45), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 44), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 32), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (36, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (35, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 31), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (24, 31), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (24, 10), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (24, 9), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (23, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 10), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 11), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 12), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 13), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 14), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 15), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 16), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 17), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 18), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 19), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 20), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 21), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 22), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 23), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 24), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 25), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 26), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 27), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 28), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 29), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 30), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 30), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (59, 30), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 51), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (59, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (24, 48), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (24, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (25, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 49), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (42, 49), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (42, 51), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 49), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (36, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 57), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (36, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (42, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (42, 53), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (42, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (58, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 81), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (58, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (57, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 82), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (46, 97), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (46, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 41), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (58, 41), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 9), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (64, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 9), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (61, 9), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (61, 0), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 74), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (40, 74), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 73), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (40, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (41, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 72), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (59, 72), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (59, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (59, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (58, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (51, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 72), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 54), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (15, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (16, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 53), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (18, 53), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 51), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (18, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 50), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (11, 50), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (11, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (11, 90), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (11, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (12, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (13, 91), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (14, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (18, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 91), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (36, 91), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (36, 83), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (36, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (37, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 82), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (46, 82), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (46, 77), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (46, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (36, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 78), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (36, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (35, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 79), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 79), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (30, 79), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (30, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (31, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 80), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (62, 80), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (62, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 90), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (47, 90), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 80), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (6, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (5, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (4, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (3, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (2, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (1, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (0, 91), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 64), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 67), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (50, 67), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 66), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 64), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 63), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 62), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 61), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 60), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (50, 59), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (50, 58), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (51, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (57, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (58, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (59, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (60, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (61, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (62, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (63, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (64, 58), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (65, 57), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 56), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 55), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 54), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 53), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 52), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 51), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 50), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 49), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 48), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 47), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (65, 46), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (65, 45), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 65), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 66), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 71), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (15, 100), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (15, 101), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (14, 101), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 98), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (16, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (18, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (30, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 97), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (36, 97), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (14, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (13, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (12, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (11, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (10, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (9, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (8, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (7, 53), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (6, 53), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 71), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (45, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (45, 68), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (45, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (44, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 67), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (31, 67), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (31, 65), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (30, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (23, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 65), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (18, 65), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 75), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (23, 75), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 31), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 32), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 33), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (89, 43), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (89, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (90, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (93, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (99, 44), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (100, 44), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (100, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (100, 26), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (100, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (99, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (97, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (96, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (95, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (94, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (93, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (92, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (91, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (90, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (89, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 25), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (84, 25), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (88, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (87, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (86, 44), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (85, 44), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 43), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 42), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 41), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 40), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 39), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 38), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 37), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 36), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (85, 35), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (85, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (86, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (89, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (90, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (91, 34), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (92, 34), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (92, 35), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (92, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (93, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (94, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (95, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (96, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (97, 36), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (98, 36), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (98, 35), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 34), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 29), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 27), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 26), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 25), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 24), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 23), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 22), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 21), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 20), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 19), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 18), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 17), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 16), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 15), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 14), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 13), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 12), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 11), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 10), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 9), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 8), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 7), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 6), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 5), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 4), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 3), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 2), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 1), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (98, 0), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (84, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (84, 35), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 36), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 37), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 38), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 44), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 57), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (84, 69), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (84, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (83, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (82, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (81, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (69, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (63, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 70), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (61, 70), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (61, 75), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (61, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (60, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 76), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (49, 76), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (48, 76), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (85, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (85, 49), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (85, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 40), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (62, 40), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (64, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 80), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 81), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (64, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (64, 88), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (64, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (63, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (62, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (61, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (60, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (59, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (58, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (57, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (56, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (55, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (54, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (53, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (51, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (50, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (49, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (48, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (47, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (46, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (45, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (44, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (43, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (42, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (41, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 89), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (37, 89), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 105), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (37, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (36, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 106), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (29, 106), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 105), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 104), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 103), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 102), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 101), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 100), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 99), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 98), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 97), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 96), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 95), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 84), direction is left 
cell is \, coords are (29, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (28, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 83), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (15, 83), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 77), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 75), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (15, 73), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (29, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (29, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 93), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 95), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (52, 103), direction is right 
cell is |, coords are (52, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (41, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (40, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (39, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (38, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (37, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (36, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (21, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (16, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (15, 88), direction is up 
cell is \, coords are (14, 88), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (14, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 85), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 83), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 82), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 81), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 80), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 79), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 78), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 77), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 76), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 75), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (14, 74), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 73), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 72), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 71), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 70), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 68), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 67), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (14, 66), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (14, 65), direction is left 
cell is -, coords are (15, 65), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (32, 71), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 70), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (32, 69), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (34, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (35, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (38, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (46, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 69), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (52, 69), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (36, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (35, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (34, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (33, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (32, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (22, 61), direction is up 
cell is |, coords are (21, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (20, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (19, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (18, 61), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (17, 61), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (17, 60), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (17, 59), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (18, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 59), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (20, 59), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (17, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (17, 65), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (17, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (18, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (19, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (20, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (21, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (22, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (23, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (24, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (25, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (26, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (27, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (28, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (29, 66), direction is down 
cell is |, coords are (30, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (31, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (32, 66), direction is down 
cell is \, coords are (33, 66), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (33, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 89), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 90), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 91), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 92), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (33, 93), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (33, 94), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (32, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (31, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (30, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (29, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (28, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (27, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (26, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (25, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (24, 94), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (23, 94), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (23, 93), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 92), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 91), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 90), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 89), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 88), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 87), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 86), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 85), direction is left 
cell is |, coords are (23, 84), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (23, 95), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (23, 96), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 97), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 98), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 99), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 100), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 101), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 102), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 103), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 104), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 105), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 106), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 107), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 108), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (23, 109), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (37, 78), direction is right 
cell is \, coords are (37, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (38, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (39, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (40, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (41, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (42, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (43, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (44, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (45, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (46, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (47, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (48, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (49, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (50, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (51, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (52, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (53, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (54, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (55, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (56, 79), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (57, 79), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (74, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (72, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (71, 38), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (70, 38), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (70, 39), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 40), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 41), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 42), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 43), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 44), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (70, 45), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 46), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 47), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 48), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 49), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 50), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 51), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 52), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 53), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 54), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 55), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 56), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (70, 57), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (70, 58), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (69, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (68, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (67, 58), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (66, 58), direction is up 
cell is /, coords are (65, 58), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (65, 59), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 60), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 61), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 62), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 63), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 64), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 65), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 66), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 67), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 68), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 69), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 70), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 71), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 72), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 73), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 74), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 75), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 76), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 77), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 78), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 79), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 80), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 81), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 82), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 83), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 84), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 85), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 86), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 87), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 88), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (65, 89), direction is right 
cell is -, coords are (65, 90), direction is right 
cell is /, coords are (82, 34), direction is right 
cell is ., coords are (81, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (80, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (79, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (78, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (77, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (76, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (75, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (74, 34), direction is up 
cell is -, coords are (73, 34), direction is up 
cell is ., coords are (73, 33), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 32), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 31), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 30), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (73, 29), direction is left 
cell is /, coords are (73, 28), direction is left 
cell is ., coords are (74, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (75, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (76, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (77, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (78, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (79, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (80, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (81, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (82, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (83, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (84, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (85, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (86, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (87, 28), direction is down 
cell is ., coords are (88, 28), direction is down 
cell is /, coords are (89, 28), direction is down 
cell is -, coords are (89, 27), direction is left 
